the second folder of the CD object
studio library is called pavement
modular and this folder contains two
different objects the first is called
pavement it's a more complex and
detailed object for particular use and
the second is called simple pavement
breakable object so let's start with the
second it's a simpler object and it will
make the primary description easier so
create the object a certain object and
unfold its hierarchy it contains a
mograph cloner object is the key object
of the wreck and it uses two different
effectors as well don't delete them and
don't change them please just use the
route object set the simple pavement
break wall object again and use the user
data tab here it contains all the
settings and parameters of the wreck
as you can see Derek uses a special
material as well demet are used by the
shadow effector we saw the material
controls got lines movement is here so
you can shift all outlines within the
volume here let's change the object
orientation let's say it's a break work
the moment and we can adjust the brief
size of all these elements we can use a
bit more common dimension of a break
let's say the break width should be 30
brig head should be soon at 5 and the
debt should be 15 it looks much better I
guess let's say we have to make the wall
a bit longer so use the total width a
proxy volume we can set approximate the
values here only because the real
dimension is affected by break size and
the gap size between all the bricks in
the wall
so let's play with the game volume and
it will change the look of the wall but
it doesn't affect the total width and
health settings he can check the real
dimension of the wall in the info box
group okay so the give a look to one for
example and increase the total worth of
the set up perfect and we can increase
the total half as well and it's like
before also the object to your health is
different affected by other settings of
direct and here's the even Lion offset
go closer and check any corner we can
fill out all these details than the
fluid radius option here here's the used
subdivision value and the last parameter
of the group is funk however let's
imagine we can fill the brick for
instances afterwards so use the object
as a test without an effort set the
radius to zero because we can use a new
ability former instead of the fourth
parameter the bevel deformer is a new
feature of cinema 4d with 16 let's say I
would like to disturb particular look of
the wall use the mograph module menu
effectors and choose a random effector
here so direct object and it contains
the effector field here so Jack and job
implies the random effector to the
effectors Link field aside effector and
adjust its position settings here and we
can use some rotation so activate the
rotation option and increase these
values of it it looks much better I
think nevertheless bricks aren't rounded
widow edges it no worries but we will
improve the object first sought direct
object and press the Alt key and create
a new connect object it will be placed
parent object of the rake and so the
kana teammate press the alt and create a
new null object it supplies as a part of
the collet of course do know is selected
press the shift key and create a new
bevel deformer that's all
so the before the former and we can
adjust the offset value here it means
the fill out reduce and here's the
subdivision used it's very nice it was
you well let's say we would like to have
some opening here it should be a window
for example okay that's not a problem
turn off the deform and add a new
parameter cube to the scene the cube
will play the opening crawl go to the
front view and edges the cube size and
position I will place it here for
example
perfect select the connect object we
made press the Alt key and let's create
a new rule object assert the cube and
planted as a child of the bool we just
made
I saw the bull and activate create
single object option here that's all an
activate the bubble deformer again it's
really cool I will ride the bubble
object we can combine more objects
together and we can get a very
interesting and complex result such as
this object pretty complex object we
made okay it was the simple pavement
break wall object we have tested and
used all parameters the object offers
here is the total width total ahead all
set we can still adjust it of course
let's try it okay
here is the gap and all break dimension
settings it means that head that further
reduce subdivision it doesn't use at the
moment and form Congo and the info box
here shows the real dimensions of the
setup so it's really enough about the
object let's continue to the next
chapter I will show you the second
parametric I prepared for you there